[DOC]Updated the documentaiton for a varchar scenario and compressor supported. (#3119)
apache/carbondata: docs/faq.md

  **Procedure**

  A single column that can be considered as dimension is mandatory for table creation.
  
  ## Failed to execute select query on column having varchar datatype
  
  **Symptom**
  
  Execution fails with following exception
  
  ```
  java.lang.RuntimeException: java.lang.RuntimeException: Cannot reserve additional contiguous bytes in the vectorized reader (requested 1839007356 bytes).
  at org.apache.carbondata.core.datastore.chunk.impl.DimensionRawColumnChunk.convertToDimColDataChunkAndFillVector(DimensionRawColumnChunk.java:140)
  at org.apache.carbondata.core.scan.scanner.LazyPageLoader.loadPage(LazyPageLoader.java:74)
  at org.apache.spark.sql.CarbonVectorProxy$ColumnVectorProxyWithLazyLoad.checkPageLoaded(CarbonVectorProxy.java:511)
  ```
  **Possible Cause**
  

>   JVM not able to reserve the contigous bytes in the the vectorized reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  JVM  isn't able to reserve the contiguous bytes in the the vectorized reader.
```

Reviewer 2: unable

Author: done

  Drop that particular datamap using Drop Table command using table name as
  parentTableName_datamapName so as to clear the stale folders.
  
  ## Failed to execute select query on column having varchar datatype.
    
   **Symptom**
   
   Execution fails with following exception :
   
   ```
       java.lang.RuntimeException: java.lang.RuntimeException: Cannot reserve additional contiguous bytes in the vectorized reader (requested 1839007356 bytes).
       at org.apache.carbondata.core.datastore.chunk.impl.DimensionRawColumnChunk.convertToDimColDataChunkAndFillVector(DimensionRawColumnChunk.java:140)
       at org.apache.carbondata.core.scan.scanner.LazyPageLoader.loadPage(LazyPageLoader.java:74)
       at org.apache.spark.sql.CarbonVectorProxy$ColumnVectorProxyWithLazyLoad.checkPageLoaded(CarbonVectorProxy.java:511)
   ```
   
   **Possible Cause**
       
   JVM cannot reserve the additional contigous bytes in the the vectorized reader.
       
   **Procedure**
       

>    For carbondata, as a workaround you can try decreasing the number of executor cores or increasing the executor memory.If this does not work you can disable the following property in carbon.properties.

Reviewer 3: by how much to increase? what is the general guideline?

Author: No general guideline as such.Depends on the user how much extra executor memory he can afford to allocate for the job. It will depend on the size of data he wants to load.
